---
layout: "../../layouts/BlogPostLayout.astro"
title: "A new era..."
desc: "I think this was for the best..."
date: 23 July 2024
---
Almost 5 years ago (half a decade, crazy), I have introduced **the Lynxmic branding**.
When I have first thought of the name Lynxmic, I have first thought of it as a compelling, unique name that will last me a long time, if not forever. I have myself liked the name, but I feel it’s time for a change.

## Why?
For short, **I don't think Lynxmic represents me as my online alias anymore.** Thinking about it, there are quite several factors that led me to realizing this:
* **my satisfaction for the Lynxmic alias dropped** compared to when I first introduced it. Not something I want to get much in detail, all I can say is that said satisfaction didn't go down in a way that affects the Lynxmic YT channel, since in a way I'm still completely aight with the name, but not beyond the scope of the project revolving around said channel (I will explain later in the post).
* as said above, I had this alias for almost 5 years. **I have grown a lot since then** and my interests have of course changed in a way. However you can't tell very much since publicly I... do almost the same things, except adapted in some way or another to today's reality. I am simply not comfortable sharing what I'm actually doing (including potential future projects etc) under the name Lynxmic, it's a purely personal thing.

## What?
Effective the date this blog post has been published, my online alias will be **Sunn**, or **sunn.ia32** (I might eventually change it later on to be longer; I tried to think of one from the start bbuuuuutttt my brain cannot easily think of something creative for that matter). You will start seeing it everywhere throughout the next week or so.

This website is just the beginning, **this is a rewritten website** built this time with CSS from the ground up (no CSS framework like Bulma) so the website may not be of the best quality, though **feedback is appreciated** (this website is [open-source][6], feel free to open issues or whatever). As part of the name change, this website has migrated from **lynxmic.github.io** to **sunn.is-a.dev** (you can still view the old Lynxmic website [here][3]).

I am also launching a new YT channel under the name **Sunn** ([check it out here][1]), which will be **becoming my new main**. It was actually created in Jan 2014 (>10 years ago), keep in mind that this previously used to be my main channel (it already has 20+ subs, all are "dead subs" but for small channels, *any additional number matters*).

Anyways, the content variety + schedule on this channel will be more relaxed, so nothing will be really consistent there in terms of both, random content will be coming at random times.

My Fediverse/Mastodon account will also migrate as well to [@sunn@wetdry.world][4]. As for the future of the Lynxmic's Square Discord Server ([join here][5]), I have not decided on anything yet, a poll will be ran on the server for the naming.

## The future of Lynxmic (yes, there's a future still)
Although Sunn will be my main YT channel from now on, **that doesn't mean I will be leaving the Lynxmic channel with its 700+ subscribers behind**. I still love working on videos for that channel and will continue doing so for the foresseable future.

At most I might just switch the content on the Lynxmic channel a little bit and focus more on what's giving it the most views and subscribers right now: **installing/taking a look at interesting bits of software**. I may also **extend to bootlegs as well**, I've seen other channels do bootleg content and sure enough I'd want to hop in to this train in the future! There's just a lot of things that can be done.

That said, to speak in other words, **the channel that you know as Lynxmic will keep the name Lynxmic**, at least for now. It's just that it won’t be my main channel anymore. The Lynxmic project goes on, except only in the form of a tech YT channel. It’s just like parting ways, the channel keeps the name Lynxmic, but I am not actually Lynxmic anymore.

## Closing thoughts
Anyways, I hope this rebrand will help me in some way or another to be more open etc. As for everyone reading this, I hope y'all enjoy the new chapter of my onlline identity as much as I do. I think these changes overall are for the best, including for my mental health.

Look out for new projects and many other things to come!

[1]: https://youtube.com/@sunn.ia32
[2]: https://wetdry.world/@lynxmic
[3]: https://sunn.is-a.dev/lynxwebsite
[4]: https://wetdry.world/@sunn
[5]: https://discord.gg/wDxDKJU2sj
[6]: https://github.com/sunn-ia32/sunn-ia32.github.io
